hey people today we talk about the three
prices in the nyckelharpa
wave line we once have the nike
fell the most on a window
and in a field
all three shoes are different
both from the material as well as from the
prices ago
We always talk about normal
selling price here we have 220 euros
here we have 75 euros and have here
the price entrance with 55 euro the
biggest differences of all
Football boots take the material instead
that means stay maika band phantom
I have a very soft mike skin
material that the error comes from a
harder but still very soft
imitation leather material and the fed sets
then on a full synthetic material
which has a smooth surface
whereas the phantom and the precipitation
A slight deepening came here
a new conditions three times for use
in the field that makes even more that
that the ball in every weather condition
I also really hope you can
So best of all, maybe see that
fendt another yet another well
another organ editions 3 system has
as the precipitation as I said in the field
it is not used at all
What all three shoes have
main feature of the distributor wave line
the shortened lacing is the one
additional contact area offers one
Enlarged contact surface offers the is
to find again at all
also sets the very cheap
version already on a laterally offset
school system which otherwise with many
techno version other manufacturers not
The case is another characteristic
can be found on the bottom of the
soccer shoes
just turn everything around
and at first glance would have
be clear where the
differences are to be found we have
the nike at my father 's his fans
puts on the split 1000 the split 1000
in the front area is meant for
the forefoot too flexible
do
the filling and the fade put on
this system does not have the film for it
however, afford the appropriate for
a special flexibility on care
should also be durable if for
use comes in the very cheap fayed
the price entry you see missing this
Sole the two pillars of the first two
mentioned shoes differ
relatively little it is the splinter sum
of which makes the difference in the field
afterwards the difference is already
a little bit bigger there is another zone
to use the more for hard
A little harder ground is meant
for you can see also from here
brought further central location
and thus they differ
football boots but clearly
main difference of my personal
opinion is less the lower zone
than much the upper material I have
basically recommend the shoes on
a dry to slightly wet
background otherwise would be from the phantom
In any case, the sg pro version on
a really soft underground the
you have a better choice in the end
of course the choice to which school you
should put or which shoes too
are the right ones for someone
maybe you can so again the
Difference in the material s.besten
see as I said my opinion is the
main day is clearly that nike
skin material in the field what in schools
which we really excellent
gives fit and finn comfort
speak you have with us in the shop the
choice between all three schools and
I would just care what is
favorite with the football boots for
which you decide why and
yes let me know on facebook
youtube or twitter